bpo-40412: Nullify inittab_copy during finalization (#19746)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C API/2020-05-01-17-28-04.bpo-40412.dE0D8N.rst

> Nullify inittab_copy during finalization. Before, Python interpreter finalization would leave a pointer reference to released memory. If another interpreter were initialized in the same process, it would attempt to access this memory, likely leading to a crash. This was only reproducible if Python were embedded in a larger application and does not affect any application distributed by Python itself. Patch by Gregory Szorc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nullify inittab_copy during finalization, preventing future interpreter initializations in an embedded situation from crashing. Patch by Gregory Szorc.
```
